# HtmlSaveOptionsData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SaveFormat** | **string** | Gets or sets format of save. | [optional] [default to null]
**FileName** | **string** | Gets or sets name of destination file. | [optional] [default to null]
**DmlRenderingMode** | **string** | Gets or sets a value determining how DrawingML shapes are rendered. { Fallback | DrawingML }. | [optional] [default to null]
**DmlEffectsRenderingMode** | **string** | Gets or sets a value determining how DrawingML effects are rendered. { Simplified | None | Fine }. | [optional] [default to null]
**ZipOutput** | **bool** | Gets or sets controls zip output or not. Default value is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdateLastSavedTimeProperty** | **bool** | Gets or sets a value determining whether the Aspose.Words.Properties.BuiltInDocumentProperties.LastSavedTime property is updated before saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdateSdtContent** | **bool** | Gets or sets value determining whether content of  is updated before saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdateFields** | **bool** | Gets or sets a value determining if fields should be updated before saving the document to a fixed page format. Default value for this property is. true | [optional] [default to null]
**AllowNegativeIndent** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether negative left and right indents of paragraphs are allowed (not normalized). | [optional] [default to null]
**CssClassNamePrefix** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies a prefix which is added to all CSS class names. Default value is an empty string and generated CSS class names have no common prefix.  If this value is not empty, all CSS classes generated by Aspose.Words will start with the specified prefix.This might be useful, for example, if you add custom CSS to generated documents and want to prevent class name conflicts. If the value is not null or empty, it must be a valid CSS identifier. | [optional] [default to null]
**CssStyleSheetFileName** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the name of the CSS file written when the document is exported to HTML. | [optional] [default to null]
**CssStyleSheetType** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies how CSS styles are exported. | [optional] [default to null]
**DocumentSplitCriteria** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies how the document should be split when saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**DocumentSplitHeadingLevel** | **int32** | Gets or sets specifies the maximum level of headings at which to split the document. | [optional] [default to null]
**Encoding** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the encoding to use when exporting. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportDocumentProperties** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether to export built-in and custom document properties. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportDropDownFormFieldAsText** | **bool** | Gets or sets controls how drop-down form fields are saved to HTML. Default value is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportFontResources** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether font resources should be exported. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportFontsAsBase64** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether fonts resources should be embedded to HTML in Base64 encoding.  Default is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportHeadersFootersMode** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies how headers and footers are output. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportImagesAsBase64** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether images are saved in Base64 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportLanguageInformation** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether language information is exported. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportListLabels** | **string** | Gets or sets controls how list labels are output. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportOriginalUrlForLinkedImages** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether original URL should be used as the URL of the linked images. Default value is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportPageMargins** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether page margins is exported to HTML, MHTML or EPUB. Default is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportPageSetup** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether page setup is exported. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportRelativeFontSize** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether font sizes should be output in relative units when saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportRoundtripInformation** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether to write the roundtrip information when saving to HTML Default value is true. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportTextBoxAsSvg** | **bool** | Gets or sets controls how textboxes represented by Aspose.Words.Drawing.Shape are saved to HTML, MHTML or EPUB. Default value is false.    When set to true, exports textboxes as inline \&quot;svg\&quot; elements. When false, exports as \&quot;image\&quot; elements. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportTextInputFormFieldAsText** | **bool** | Gets or sets controls how text input form fields are saved. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportTocPageNumbers** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether to write page numbers to table of contents when saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExportXhtmlTransitional** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether to write the DOCTYPE declaration when saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**FontResourcesSubsettingSizeThreshold** | **int32** | Gets or sets controls which font resources need subsetting when saving. | [optional] [default to null]
**FontsFolder** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the physical folder where fonts are saved when exporting a document. | [optional] [default to null]
**FontsFolderAlias** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the name of the folder used to construct font URIs. | [optional] [default to null]
**HtmlVersion** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies version of HTML standard that should be used when saving the document to HTML or MHTML. Default value is Aspose.Words.Saving.HtmlVersion.Xhtml. | [optional] [default to null]
**ImageResolution** | **int32** | Gets or sets specifies the output resolution for images when exporting. | [optional] [default to null]
**ImagesFolder** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the physical folder where images are saved when exporting a document. | [optional] [default to null]
**ImagesFolderAlias** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the name of the folder used to construct image URIs. | [optional] [default to null]
**MetafileFormat** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies in what format metafiles are saved when exporting to HTML, MHTML, or EPUB. Default value is Aspose.Words.Saving.HtmlMetafileFormat.Png, meaning that metafiles are rendered to raster PNG images.  Metafiles are not natively displayed by HTML browsers. By default, Aspose.Words converts WMF and EMF images into PNG files when exporting to HTML.Other options are to convert metafiles to SVG images or to export them as is without conversion. Some image transforms, in particular image cropping, will not be applied to metafile images if they are exported to HTML without conversion. | [optional] [default to null]
**OfficeMathOutputMode** | **string** | Gets or sets controls how OfficeMath objects are exported to HTML, MHTML or EPUB.  Default value is HtmlOfficeMathOutputMode.Image. | [optional] [default to null]
**PrettyFormat** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether or not use pretty formats output. | [optional] [default to null]
**ResolveFontNames** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether font family names used in the document are resolved and substituted according to FontSettings when being written into HTML-based formats. default value is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**ResourceFolder** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies a physical folder where all resources like images, fonts, and external CSS are saved when a document is exported to HTML. Default is an empty string. | [optional] [default to null]
**ResourceFolderAlias** | **string** | Gets or sets specifies the name of the folder used to construct URIs of all resources written into an HTML document.  Default is an empty string. | [optional] [default to null]
**ScaleImageToShapeSize** | **bool** | Gets or sets specifies whether images are scaled by Aspose.Words to the bounding shape size when exporting. | [optional] [default to null]
**TableWidthOutputMode** | **string** | Gets or sets controls how table, row and cell widths are exported. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


